fix(konnect-platform): Update networking info for konnect (#6518)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_includes/faqs/konnect-connection-errors.md

> You may need to allowlist specific hostnames or IP addresses so that communication can reach {{site.konnect_short_name}} uninterrupted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may need to allow list specific hostnames or IP addresses so that communication can reach {{site.konnect_short_name}} uninterrupted.
```
I think most places are doing it this way and I think it's like this in the product UI

Author: After talking this through, we settled on "allowlist".
